the wait is over
from the first sign of 2014 you
will be able to buy the new volkswagen am
this car is produced inside
São Paulo and has the price below the goal
are six different settings and ten
colors for you choose ball met
another with us
pretty
arrigoni luli life is a gift of god
just in your environment
yesterday this car was already sold on
europe and now volkswagen has solved
bring Brazil
some changes have been made to our
Marketplace
among them perhaps one of the main ones is
increased body weight by 65 millimeters
which you have seen five centimeters from
also the luggage cover in europe
it's all glass
our anp has a common lid
because of a matter of cost
Another major change in the national ap
is that our fuel tank in
European tone has 35 liters of
ours has 50 observe gave in six
all versions with the same engine 1.0
three-cylinder engine that is the same
used in fox bluemotion and has a
series of technological
improve consumption also helps in
conversation with an exchange that is also the
same mq200 from the volkswagen family with
accurate couplings and easy use
the volkswagen talks that fit five
people in here
kb kabiné but you better not use the
electrical direction that this means
ahead of the power steering will
improve the consumption of the car and will leave
the fastest responses and the
most enjoyable driving
this chaos has replaced og 4 and is below
5 g of
yea
the china the sound nexus a fauna edition x
hunger because it hurts my voice or if it
I did not want to talk in that direction.
the inscription
lack get here it turns out that there
the dec and fec